---
inFeed: true
hasPage: false
inNav: false
isBasedOnUrl: null
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-23T19:46:23.735Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-23T19:46:20.519Z'
title: Progress...
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-13-progress.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
_type: Blurb

---
It's day 6 or 7 of using the 30 day shred workout. My endurance is increasing ever so slightly. I'm still a little bit off from being about to complete the full workout in the timeframe. It's tough! I find myself winded, but taking less breaks than I had the time before. So it's working. My goal is to get to or close to a certain weight that I haven't seen since my late teens,early 20's. Once upon a time, I weighed about 180 lbs. Right now, I'm about 230 lbs, but I've also been lifting weights. Back then, I wasn't. I don't think I could ever get that low in weight again, but I want to get as close as I can. My priorities have changed. I used to be obsessed with the whole beardom and fitting into that niche. As I got older, I stopped caring. I don't really want to fit into that anymore. I'm happy just doing my own thing here. I don't use any of those terms to describe who I am aside from bearded and hairy. IDK. My views of myself have changed. I suppose I can say that I did use the bear community as a stepping stone for acceptance for my body type in my late teens and early 20's. Since then, things have evolved. This is my last year of my 20's and I didn't want to enter my 30's looking the way I do. I've always been heavier and with a belly. There was never a time where I didn't have a belly. Even when I was at my lowest weight, it was still there. I can say now, though I'm far off where I want to be, I am the most fit I've ever been in my life, and I hope to continue this upward trend.