---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-22T18:41:07.641Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-22T18:40:45.428Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-22-75bbbc7b-a6f1-4d98-97f5-4b08ae27e038.md
published: true
url: 75bbbc7b-a6f1-4d98-97f5-4b08ae27e038/index.html
_type: Article

---
Another Monday has been brought upon me. I woke up to the sound of falling dominoes which was really the days that have come and passed. It's every morning with those ivory like taps on the floor that I'm here and time is passing me by. What am I doing here? Lately, my goals have consisted of finishing unfinished indie games that I've started in 3's and 4's. They're used to fill in something that I'm missing. Some idea that hasn't formed quite yet. A half baked shell that is supposed to be destiny. If such a thing even exists. That's another color mixed into this paint bucket I've been staring into. The days pass at a one and a half rate. Winter is passing and soon spring will be born, then summer. Where will I be. I half ask myself, but I don't want to hear the answer quite yet. These crystal ball like screenings are not working for me. I wish I could predict accurately, but that would be cheating. Then again, who cares. Who's watching my every move? I ask one question, but not another. One takes precedence over the other. I wish I could pick up some of the fallen dominoes and restack accordingly. Perhaps a different tune would play. Perhaps not at all. What's the real catalyst here. It'a all about who you know and my belief in the economy fluctuates, but not by much. There's at least a sliver of hope that things will change here, but who's the real catalyst? All I can do is push myself a little every day, and hope that the dominoes that haven't fallen yet, will topple in the right direction, and perhaps I'll wake up again with more than a half baked smile and a tumbler of jack and coke singing for me. Summers always cheer me up, and perhaps this summer will be the one...